DOCS-3906 Chaos faults audit for Kubernetes faults (node and pod) (#4273)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-api-latency.md

        <td> Port where the proxy listens for requests.</td>
        <td> Default: 20000. For more information, go to <a href="#advanced-fault-tunables">proxy port</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> LIB_IMAGE </td>
        <td> Image used to inject chaos. </td>

>         <td> Default: <code>ubuntu:16.04</code>. For more information, go to <a href = "../../common-tunables-for-all-faults#image-used-by-the-helper-pod">image used by the helper pod.</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td> Default: <code>chaosnative/chaos-go-runner:main-latest</code>. For more information, go to <a href = "../../common-tunables-for-all-faults#image-used-by-the-helper-pod">image used by the helper pod.</a></td>
```

Reviewer: LIB image should be `chaosnative/chaos-go-runner:main-latest` in most of the fault except few i.e, docker-service-kill

You can refer the fault.yaml here: https://github.com/wings-software/enterprise-chaos-hub/tree/main/faults/kubernetes
